index.md, before:

---
layout: home
# permalink: page-file-name.html
# lang: ru
# title: page title
# description: page description
# excerpt: page excerpt
# tagline: page tagline
# keywords: page, keywords, separated, by, comma, plus, blank
# category: page category
# categories:
#   - list
#   - of
#   - the
#   - page
#   - categories
# tags:
#   - list
#   - of
#   - the
#   - page
#   - tags
# image: /page-og-image.png
# author:
#   name: page author name
# twitter:
#   site: twitter site creator id
#   username: twitter user creator id
---

Cayman Blog Theme is a clean, responsive blogging theme for Jekyll. It is inspired by the Cayman Theme for Github Pages, which can be greatly used for single projects but not as blogging platform.

This theme has instead all you need to start today blogging with Jekyll, and no effort: pages, posts, few social buttons. Try loading this on mobile too.

Have a look at the Github page for more information.

You find this descriptive text in the `index.md` file, so you can change it, or remove it completely, according to your needs.

[See additional information](/info-page.html)

## Projects

- [Java Boilerplate with Gradle](/java-boilerplate-gradle/)

Commit message:

Fixed JavaFX application boilerplate project link and description

index.md, after:

---
layout: home
# permalink: page-file-name.html
# lang: ru
# title: page title
# description: page description
# excerpt: page excerpt
# tagline: page tagline
# keywords: page, keywords, separated, by, comma, plus, blank
# category: page category
# categories:
#   - list
#   - of
#   - the
#   - page
#   - categories
# tags:
#   - list
#   - of
#   - the
#   - page
#   - tags
# image: /page-og-image.png
# author:
#   name: page author name
# twitter:
#   site: twitter site creator id
#   username: twitter user creator id
---

Cayman Blog Theme is a clean, responsive blogging theme for Jekyll. It is inspired by the Cayman Theme for Github Pages, which can be greatly used for single projects but not as blogging platform.

This theme has instead all you need to start today blogging with Jekyll, and no effort: pages, posts, few social buttons. Try loading this on mobile too.

Have a look at the Github page for more information.

You find this descriptive text in the `index.md` file, so you can change it, or remove it completely, according to your needs.

[See additional information](/info-page.html)

## Projects

- [JavaFX application boilerplate project using gradle and maven build tools](/javafx-boilerplate/)
  
  This project aims to cover best practices for JavaFX application development as a whole.
  It provides tool recommendations for linting, testing and packaging.
